# Kickstarting with Excel
## Overview of Project
>In this project, visualize and analysis the given data according to the kickstarter dataset is first step. To better understand the dataset we need some adaptation and manipulations such as changing the date format to human time, using filters, take a deep look to dataset. Then we need to sort the data group that we are interested in. Using the charts and pivot table it is easy to see the overall results. By the time creatin those items some calculations and creating new datasets can be used as supportive method. 
### Purpose
> The reason of this analysis is to understand Campaign Fundings researh based on theaters and plays. These results help us to know the other Campaigns fared reletad to their lunch dates and funding goals.
## Analysis and Challenges
>Analyzing start with creating a pivot table related to launching dates and outcomes. Visualize items such as graphs and charts helps us to determine which seasons are more proper for the categories and overall campaings. Also goal limits are really important to create an successful funding. To better understanding each set, sorting and manipulating methods applied throught the process. Division of the outcomes and take a look at the different subcategories is one important method.
Challenges can be categorized into the 3 groups. First one is reading the data. Since we have large amount data basically we need tools to apply and double check each time not to miss anything. Second one is outliers. These can be ignored sometimes but in this project small amount of outliers appear and when we look up to graphs their higher percentage rage can be deceiving. Before getting the results we need to look to the numbers. In the Outcomes_vs_Goals.Png file we see great percentage of failed outcomes on the higher range of goals. But it is hard to decide whether the reason is related to amount or just another reason since we have only a few outcomes on that level. Third challenge is demonstration of result. Expected results might be supported by additional researches to give the results properly. 
### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date
> When we look up the Theater_Outcomes_vs_Launch.png file its clearly stated that late spring and beginning of the summertime is proper for the launching. On the otherhand winter season could be affect the successful rate. Also cancellation rate is higher at that period. Still we need to look up the another outcomes before being certain.
### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals
>These results show us to higher amount of goals is not as effective as the lower ones. When we look to the Outcomes_vs_Goals.png file its obvious that has a specific change on the higher goals. Successful rate is getting lower by the time goal is increased. 
### Challenges and Difficulties Encountered
>Blurbs are hard to get data. While we analyzing the dataset mostly we didn`t read those part since we work on the outcomes based on launching and goals. Any problem has a different solutions and approaches those solutions might affect what you are trying to achieve. Also results may change depending on which country you are performing. While we are counting the outcomes based on plays, we might need a specific country as well. This could be another graph or tables to better understand. Also we have limitations such as cancellation reasons. Also some failed outcomes are really close to the successful point which will used as expected. Since we apply specific results we count them as failed.
## Results
> As a result to better campaing, proper time can be between May- June while the goals are not to high. This could give the better solutions. 